so at some common misconception about my field or or let's say more in
general terms leadership positions let's go that route is that the
leader is expected to know everything and that's not necessarily true
right the leaders we put our pants on the same as everybody else there's
no mystery here we just might have a little bit more experience
and time doing something so doesn't necessarily mean that we know
all the answers to everything however as the leader should be able
to try and find those answers so you might you might not necessarily
know right off the bat what the answer is to particular question what
you should at least know what resources you can go to to find out
whether that's utilizing your peers within say the chiefs master the
wardroom or if you're an LP using your peers that are in the UFC P.
O. a or the other folks that you work with to find those answers when
you're in that leadership position but don't have that misconception
that I'm a leader I must know everything I must be able to answer
everything right off the bat that's not the case you can take some
time to get to an answer if need be make sure that you do it right